I guess what about my name is Sarah Gigi
I had the Apple watch edition for about
six months now I'm getting a lot of
questions since the Apple watch worth it
intensity up watch edition worth it I
have recruited someone to help me
because she is an expert in all things
text and then she also has so much of me
so for there do mmm
hi what good is this working for the two
people who don't know who you are and in
truth I'm sure there's a lot on iJustine
I've done justice to lose a long time
and I'm kind of mining use the joint on
controllers probably going to blatantly
with cameras camera monitors today we're
shooting a bunch of local news with a
human the white looks so fresh
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm what was your first Apple product
ever
it was my mama teacher so back then like
back in the day look at Apple's Campinas
please see some lovely animal only my
yak go in like nobody had Apple
computers back then but right features
of like a teacher's life and it's so
epic so anyway and here we are at mouth
talking about a watch a watch so right
out the gate you know it's a pretty
addition the ceramic is super it yet
durable and this one I just dropped like
this but based on dirt and sand the
ceramic it doesn't going to scratch
anything and it's like a white thank you
I'm afraid over white and so this is the
first time I was like I could actually
see myself wearing this aesthetically
but let's getting some mean bone what is
your favorite thing that the Apple watch
can do but make sure it's a little bit
easier
we're doesn't this is the crazy thing
that honestly I use my watch to tell
times but I mean it really does any good
oh no angry mom yeah looks like my dog
is moving around in the house oh yeah
the boys the next you can like see you
oh my gosh I just bought in that it's
cool I didn't know it does that mean my
thing is it helps me to just have a
watch and the fact that it's an Apple
watch and then it does all of these
extra things helps but like you said
having a time and a date it's nice it is
in time date and on like a calendar let
me tell you is what you have coming up
and then back when I was actually
working out and running I was like oh
I'm going to put a new workout on the
front okay
exactly and so before we get into
anything let's look it just seems watch
face and then we'll look at my watch
face so what is it New York I don't know
you have the kind and a time lapse
picture
oh it's Hong Kong Hong Kong on how I
used to have New York on there what my
question is very simple I love being
able to us and whether it's just like
what's the weather outside today
let's check true because you have in New
York in LA it's always the same you know
we don't need to love it I have calendar
as time as weather and I have a nice run
out saying the map and what kind is it
in LA
although Kiko there's there are special
people in LA I need to know what time
what time it is in LA
number five is basically for me just
time times date and whether that's why
I'm having that yet oh really yes today
yeah it's open super nice that it's
water weeds it since waterproof I legit
shower with my watch every single time a
shark so I'll have jams going on the
shower and I'll be like I don't want
this song and I'll just go to the nail
playing and then you swipe and that's
the next one pretty sure it's a lot of
group up to 30 meters okay so things are
good because they have a commercial way
people are swimming right sitting
settings on there and I Drive air pod is
my second one I always have ear pods in
my ear still be walking down the streets
of New York and I'll be getting a call
and so I see who's calling on my watch
and I can respond to that call and then
you know I'll just be walking around
looking crazy because I'm talking to
myself I like the new wires the one
thing it's does upset me a little bit
which end is when I'm editing because
it's a lie because what I do to
something you shoot there's my ear fun
yeah I just take phone calls on my wrist
needing somebody copies like freaking
Inspector Gadget out there
I remember going to TSA and I was like
Oh getting a call and I meant hit
decline and then I'm like oh great now
I'm less aware like yours is a I'm like
hi I'm vice to this I can't talk right
now
and sorry so my next one is just
notification so I'll have my good
support on the wall charging and when
it's done charging the app actually
links up to my watch Oh Simon Oh stadium
your business Morris is fully charged
that's cool the notifications are super
cool I even like having to dive into
their notifications on well for people
that I follow
he's like my friend comment or if they
liked one of my photos and if I dog was
moving around in my house when I used to
run is very nice to have the nice and
running app on on your watch and updates
you how far you've gone and then also
being able to change his music on the
phone that is such huge remember and if
you don't want to pull out your phone
stuff like as fire playlist going you
click Next yeah and it also love a lot
like I just love it and it's cute like
being able to see those text messages -
yes because my family with me chat all
day long 24/7 so I'm constantly it is a
great day yes even if you're not
responding yeah yeah and you can do
voice effect which is so fun because I
way that I have in phrase things
hey Siri how Jenna that she needs to go
and get the dog and do this and I go
through the whole list of things and
she's like I know you're talking to your
wife
because of the way that is sprayed tell
Jenna that it's amazing my other one is
having direction having directions on my
rent because when I'm writing I before
biking you don't want to be pulling out
your phone all the time and so living in
New York City it's good to have all of
that and you're in so if you're biking
is just right there's like oh I need to
turn walks right here so that's the
biggest I guess practical things that I
like about the watch now I don't really
do any of the biking or the Borden's
like I did next video that's what I was
seeing on this super anyhow
yeah videos I'm not very good at it but
what I do like is so we haven't set the
camera up timer so sometimes when I
can't take a picture no one's there
because usually we do everything
ourselves as youtubers it's like I'll
come into that Patrick Brady only I
didn't yeah I know
the revolt timer exactly so hopefully it
is are some things that maybe you
haven't thought about or maybe we'll
push push you over the edge Chris smart
watch or an Apple watch but the question
is is it worth it maybe in terms of
Apple watch and then also in terms of
the addition yeah I mean I think this is
too expensive
yeah $39 - this is crazy I also read
some article with her like okay you said
searching for dollars for a watch that
have the plastic band now you're going
to spend 13-under dollars more to get
cool band the band a came was basically
like a sports again but it booked it was
it looks good and it renders and
expensive name is super durable so I
think if that's what you want to spend
your money on then yes it is worth it
anything is really you think like it's
and hoping that I really wanted and
going to use exactly I think an Apple
watch is worth it but in terms of the
ceramic Edition it's like how important
is that you for me it was okay now I can
get a watch because I like how it looks
aesthetically so I'm actually going to
wear it I don't think I would really
wear the other models just because of my
personal preference but I mean I love
the rose gold I love that so much but
this is what we this looks like a what's
inside thing because it's open for you
is it just more light with the second
iteration of the watching of their
waterproof there are certain things is
when you chip in it but then they also
put the new chip in the older models
right yeah so it's kind of like is that
waterproof feature something that you
absolutely need if you get an important
choice yeah super important GPS is what
is in visa I totally forgot ah yes the
GPS is in me watch too so let me know do
you guys think it's worth it and thank
you just me never being on my channel if
you're new around here because it will
come apart of the peach you can just use
the part of the video
who hit that like and subscribe button
down below and make sure to check out
the steam we are filming a video that's
going to be on her channel talking about
iPhone 8 wish my features so that's
going to be linked in the annotation and
up here so yeah go check her out thank
you for being honest video I say people
are I don't know others busy I'm never
aware of putting in a patient so I am
heartless one day no I know isn't the
left or the right
oh I don't have the left I always think
about it
if there somewhere I don't know whether
somewhere there somewhere so remember
guys chip
[Music]
you